Add customSelectedOptionRenderer to style ContextSwitcher dropdown button (#1151)
SAP/luigi: docs/navigation-parameters-reference.md

  - **label** defines the context element label. If not defined, the **pathValue** is passed to **fallbackLabelResolver** to set its value. The default value is **pathValue**, if **fallbackLabelResolver** is not defined.
  - **pathValue** defines the context element path that is appended to **parentNodePath** and reflects a **pathSegment**.

### customSelectedOptionRenderer
- **type**: function
- **parameters**: label, isSelected

> - **description**: enables you to customize the dropdown button of the context switcher by rendering custom button label through returning an html string. The function takes a boolean **isSelected** as a parameter, defining the state of the button and a string **label** defining the label of the button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **description**: enables you to customize the dropdown button of the context switcher by rendering a custom button label through the return of a HTML string. The function takes a boolean **isSelected** as a parameter, defining the state of the button, and a string **label** defining the label of the button.
```
